hi everyone I'm Amanda Shackleton from
Amanda Shackleton comm and today I'm
going to show you how to do step by step
hairstyles for everyday looks for short
hair so we have our model here she's got
a short kind of Bob just a little bit of
length to it but I'm gonna show you a
really cute way to style your hair and
you can do this if you have super short
hair medium short hair a little bit
longer short hair like this what I'm
gonna do is I'm going to take a little
bit of spray gel and my comb and I'm
gonna go ahead and just give it a little
sectioning on the side of the hair that
has less hair so we're gonna part it on
the side and start with the right side
of the hair with the spray gel I'm gonna
take a little bit of spray gel this will
kind of wet and also control the hair a
little bit as we go ahead and start
styling it and then I'm gonna take a
little bit of hair and just start
twisting it and adding as we go twisting
and adding twisting and adding I think
this is a really cute little fun thing
to do if you're going out and you want
to do something a little bit different
with your hair it's hard to get
different hair styles when you're
limited on the length of your hair so
let's do one more we're gonna take
another section a little bit of spray
gel comb it through with our comb and
now let's start at the front here and
then we'll add hair as we go take a
little bit twist it take a little bit
and twist it a little bit and twist it
and then we'll stop right about at the
same point where we stopped for the one
before we'll take another bobby pin and
just put it in here and we can actually
just slide the bobby pin in facing
forward and what that will do is it'll
hide it in the hair and it also secure
the hair for you so I would go ahead and
do one more and I'll just do this
quickly and then I'll bring her around
and show you what it looks like kind of
from the side so there you go I think
that's a really cute hairstyle to do if
you have short hair I'm
to Shackleton and I'm a hair stylist